hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the 1
plus 5t was just announced and i thought
i'd just do a quick impressions video of
this thing so i've been using it for a
few days this won't be a full review
obviously but I want to share some of my
thoughts of this device with you guys so
the first thing the big thing about this
phone is the screen it's been updated to
an 18 by 9 ratio it's a much larger
screen it's just over six inches and the
screen and body ratio is just over 80%
right now so it looks a lot more I guess
modern over the original 1+5 not that
the 1 plus 5 looked poor but because of
2017 whole like bezel as smartphone
influx this just looks more up-to-date
in terms of the actual screen itself
like how useful we find it it depends on
how we use your phone for and how you
like your screen personally I don't love
18 by 9 screen ratios I find them a
little bit weird to me I like my 16 by 9
maybe I'm old school I like my screen 16
by 9 like my laptop 16 by 9 I like my
phone 16 by 9 but you might like this
this is this is the thing for 2017 okay
what else has changed the other big one
is the fingerprint sensor so this has
been moved to the back now and I've
always been a big fan of fingerprint
sensors in the back I've always found it
just easier to hold you pull out of your
pocket fingers already there when you
have that fingerprint sensor on the
front like the original one plus five
down at the bottom especially because
this phone is like so sleek it's just
the top heavy device and not that you
drop it or anything but if just I don't
like it as much as a back placement I've
always liked it there and it's nice that
they have it there now I know some
people don't like the fingerprint sensor
on the back because if your phone's on
the table you can't unlock it unless you
pick it up but they actually have a face
unlock this year which doesn't really
resolve the first thing but I thought
it'd be a good segue to talk to her face
unlock um I got to be honest I thought
face unlock would be bad I thought it
would just be a really kind of like me
to product that oneplus would put on
their phone but I am amazed by how good
it is now I haven't been able to test it
thoroughly in terms of like how secure
it actually it is but it is fast like
significantly faster than Apple's face
ID which is weird but at the same time
kind of expected because this thing
doesn't have the nearly like the
security in terms of like how many
facial points is measuring it's very
very fast it's pretty much instant the
mome
with your phone to face unlock so which
leads me to believe that it probably has
some kind of flaws to it but if you use
it as kind of like a secondary security
device I think it's not bad but I do
want to test this thing out more
thoroughly over time the other thing
that's changed is the camera so the
oneplus 5 virtually launched with a
telephoto lens this is now no longer a
telephoto lens it's the same kind of
focal length but this lens is actually
supposed to help with low-light
photography now I don't miss the lack of
telephoto lens at all because I never
use that stuff but I do wish it was a
wide-angle unfortunately it's not I am
interested to see how this thing
performs in low-light because this thing
was never bad like the 1 plus 5 was
never really bad at low light so no no
this might seem promising I will be
covering that in my full review later on
um the thing that hasn't changed which I
thought was surprising was the battery
so it's still a 3300 milliamp hour
battery which I don't know I don't know
how I feel about that I mean it's the
same chassis size but because the screen
is larger and it's like the same
brightness as the 1+5 I'm assuming this
somehow it draws more power than the
original screen so wouldn't the battery
life be reduced maybe I'm not sure now -
charge these devices if they are still
in the frame I mean this is one of the
best things about the oneplus 5 system I
think it's about 30 minutes for a 6
percent charge you can't go wrong with
that now overall the phone hasn't
changed all that much it's not like
massive upgrades or anything it's a nice
refresh same processor same battery just
a little bit better all around now the
best part about it all but the price
hasn't changed this thing launches at
$500 which is the same price as original
one plus 5 I think goes for sale on
November 21st so yeah if you want to
check it out leave a link below hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs you loved it
see you guys next time
oh yeah if you're wondering what these
are these are the cases and it didn't
open them because I'm not much of a case
person I don't love the red I also don't
love the wood which is two of the cases
the carbon fiber looks pretty cool it's
just not something I would rock on my
phone personally but the sandstone which
is like the original one plus kind of
texture I like that but I'm just not a
big fan of cases